Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
(Steel drum music playing)
Tropical Beach Travel.
how may I help you?
Yes. Mrs. Cooper. I just got off
the phone with the resort.
and you have officially been
upgraded to the Tiki Hut
on the water
with ocean bottom floors.
You're so very welcome.
Enjoy your vacations. Make sure
to post pictures and tag us.
Okay. bye.
Hey. Hannah!
Hannah. do you have a minute?
Walk with me.
Sure. Erin. What is it?
So the rest of the floor
doesn't know it yet.
but Tropical Beach Travel is
opening a new division
specializing in wintery
destinations.
Pretty exciting. huh?
Yeah. I guess. I mean.
if you like the cold.
Or Frosty Forays.
Like it?
Yeah. I like it.
Good. because I want you to
research everything
that we'd have to offer our
clients. and to start.
I'm sending you to
the Ice Hotel.
(laughing)
Oh. no. I said--
I meant I liked the name.
not the cold.
And the Ice Hotel sounds. uh.
well. freezing.
Hannah. you are
our number one agent.
which is why I've chosen
you to go.
Oh. no. but this says I leave
in two days.
That's right. so you'd better
start packing your wool socks
because that's about as far
north as you can go from here
before you start bumping
into icebergs.
Okay. no. but I already put in
my vacation time.
I'm taking a tropical cruise
with my family.
You know. fun in the sun
Hannah. look. I didn't want
to say anything
'cause it's not official yet.
But you are in line to be
manager of the new division.
That means no more phones.
no more cubicles.
so whether you like
the cold or not.
I would suggest that that you
put your cruise on hold
and make this a working holiday.
♪
I can't believe you're
abandoning me!
I mean. how much fun is
that gonna be?
I'm gonna be fifth wheel to my
parents and yours.
I'm sure there's gonna be lots
of people you can meet
on the cruise.
Maybe you'll meet someone
special.
Mm-mm. no. it's way too
soon for that.
Shawn just broke my heart
a month ago.
- It's still frozen.
- I know.
Look at the bright side.
At least your heart will be
in the sun thawing
while I'm by myself in the cold
turning into an icicle.
Well. maybe you'll meet a
smoldering snowman.
My love life has been
non-existent
longer than my dream of running
my own hotel.
The only thing keeping me
company
is gonna be a hot water bottle.
- That's it!
- What?
I'm coming with you! I mean.
that way you won't be a frozen.
lonely icicle.
and I won't be a fifth wheel.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. totally!
I mean. I am a fitness
instructor.
I can't afford
to be drowning my sorrows
in the all-you-can-eat
cruise buffet.
Okay! Well. bundle up.
We're going to the Ice Hotel!
(laughing)
♪
Okay. you weren't kidding
when you said
it was going to be cold.
Well. I guess that means the
hotel's not gonna melt on us.
I guess.
♪
Whoa.
"Whoa" is right.
♪
Hey. check it out.
Real icicles on the tree.
Amazing. Oh. Uh...
♪
(phone ringing)
Okay. I'll go get us checked in.
Oh no. no. no. I got it.
You just explore.
Hi. Hannah Fischer and Phoebe
Price checking in.
Yes. welcome to the ice hotel.
And Robert Green checking in.
but please go ahead.
I'll be right with you.
A pleasure. Mr. Green.
My name is Brigitte.
I'm the hotel manager.
Hi. Brigitte. looking forward to
my coolest vacation.
I see you're booked in our
standard room.
May I offer you
a complimentary upgrade
to one of our larger
themed suites?
Well. by all means.
And please. call me Robert.
Of course. I'll confirm it's
ready and get you a valet.
- Thank you.
- Oh. Mr. Green. Hi.
- Yes?
- Hannah Fisher.
I'm with Tropical Beach Travel.
I'm sorry if I'm mistaking you.
but I feel like I've booked you
on a few vacations.
you know. Costa Rica. Tahiti...
Shh-shh. But of course.
Miss Fischer!
It's a pleasure to meet you
finally in person.
And considering your
line of work.
I'm very surprised to
see you here.
Well. uh. between you and me.
we're opening a new division
specializing in winter
destinations. you know.
- Frosty Forays.
- (both laughing)
So you are here
on reconnaissance.
Exactly. but I don't need to
tell you what this place
- is all about.
- Ah. that you won't. no.
Mr. Green. your room is ready.
our valet here will escort you.
Thank you. And Miss Fischer.
please enjoy your icy adventure.
You too.
I am sorry about that.
Ms. Fischer. you're here
visiting us
from Tropical Beach Travel.
Welcome.
I have you and your guest.
Ms. Price. all checked in.
Now just so you know.
the shuttle vans will take you
to the Ice Hotel Village
Restaurant for all meals.
and if you give me one moment.
I'll have someone escort you
to your rooms.
Oh. no. that's okay.
We can just walk around.
Well. if you're sure.
here are maps of the hotel.
I'll have your luggage
sent there.
- Thank you.
- Let us know
- if you need anything.
- Thanks.
- Hey.
- Phoebe: Hey.
Okay. so... looks like your room
is that way.
and my room is that way.
- Sweet. I'll see you later.
- Okay.
♪
(camera shutter clicking)
Okay. I think I'm...
Here?
Here-- Oh. no.
(chisel scratching)
Excuse me. hi.
Uh. sorry. I know you're busy.
but do you think you could show
me to room one? I'm kinda lost.
Uh. yeah. Yeah. of course.
Um. it's right this way.
It's just around this corner so
you weren't actually that far.
And here you are.
Wow. this place is incredible.
Are all of the rooms like this?
In a way. but each one has its
own unique design.
The bed is made of ice.
Don't worry. Once you crawl into
your sub-zero sleeping bag.
you won't be cold.
In fact.
I guarantee you'll have one of
the best sleeps you've ever had.
Good selling point.
Wow. Fireplace is so cozy.
If you do require any additional
warmth.
I highly recommend our outdoor
Nordic spa.
Outside? Like in the snow?
Yeah. try it.
I think you might like it.
Now is there anything else
you require?
No. I'm good. thanks.
It's my pleasure. Miss. uh...?
- Oh. Hannah.
- Ben.
At your service.
I hope you enjoy your stay.
- I think I will.
- Okay. bye.
♪
Now this I could get used to.
Oh. me too.
Yeah. this whole place
is pretty cool.
(cell phone ringing)
It's Shawn.
It's Shawn... it's Shawn.
- Don't answer.
- No. no!
What if he wants to
talk about us?
You tried that. and remember.
he broke your heart.
- Yeah. but I--
- Just give this to me.
But I love him! No! No!
- (gasping)
- Oh my God!
No. no! Oh my goodness.
I need rice!
- What is rice gonna do?
- To soak up the moisture!
Where are you gonna get rice?
I don't know! Oh my gosh!
- I'm sorry!
- Oh my gosh. I need rice!
- Did you bring sushi with you?
- Hello. excuse me!
Excuse me!
Hannah:
Sorry!
Uh. well. here we have
our Nordic spa.
This is available to guests
24 hours.
and if you've never been from a
hot tub to a cold plunge.
let me tell you.
it is very invigorating.
We keep these tubs
at a toasty 105 degrees.
You will not be disappointed.
I look forward to trying them.
I hope you get to.
Especially in this cold climate.
you know.
you're going to
want something like that.
In the evening time. these are
usually filled with guests.
♪
(laughs nervously)
Here you go.
Thank you.
You're awfully helpful.
Just doing my job.
- And how was it?
- Uh. well.
I have to say there's something
definitely special
about breathing in the crisp air
while soaking in a hot tub.
I'd have to agree.
You should see it when it's
a star-filled sky.
Trust me. there's lots more
to experience.
Have a good night.
Oh my gosh.
♪
Icy beauty.
Outdoor hot tubs.
Cute staff.
(Video call ringing)
Hey. mom! How's the cruise?
Great! Everything I'd hoped
it to be! What about you?
Actually. the Ice Hotel is quite
the experience.
and the staff is just top notch.
Well. I'm glad. because even if
you are with Phoebe.
I was a little nervous.
I think you guys should come
here one year.
Mom: I gotta get back
to the ship.
Talk to you in a couple of days.
Stay warm. I love you!
Love you. bye!
♪
Excuse me. hi.
Oh. good morning. is everything
all right. Ms. Fischer?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. everything is great.
I actually wanted to tell you
that you have excellent
staff here.
um. especially this valet. Ben.
I think his name was?
Ben? Uh. we don't have a valet
by that name.
Oh. there he is.
Oh. you mean Ben Wade.
He's not a valet.
He's actually the co-owner and
designer of the hotel.
Enjoy your stay.
Oh my gosh. he's coming.
I'm so embarrassed.
Morning. Hannah.
How'd you sleep?
Like a rock.
just like you said. Mr. Wade.
I see my identity has been
compromised.
I'm honored to have been
enlightened
by the genius designer
of all of this.
Oh. trust me. it takes a lot
of love and care
from a very dedicated staff to
make all this happen.
And we have Brigitte here to
make sure things run smoothly.
Um. have you seen everything
there is to see?
Not yet. but I'm going to
explore later.
Well. I'd love to show you
around if that's okay.
My friend Phoebe and I
would love that.
We traveled here together.
How about I meet you at the ice
slide. say. around 10?
Perfect. See you then.
You like doing that. don't you?
Pretending to be a valet?
I just like to see the
guests' faces
when they first enter
their rooms.
Well. I hope Ms. Fischer
was impressed.
seeing as she's the travel agent
I told you would be
coming to stay.
Which makes this a busy week.
because we have another
important guest staying with us.
a Mr. Green. who is actually
Louis Chagnon.
- The hotel reviewer?
- That's the one.
I read one of his reviews in
Global Voyageur
- and recognized him.
- Great!
Well. uh. it figures the first
time I'm doing this
without my dad here. the man
whose review could make or break
our hotel would be here.
Okay.
Don't worry. I've taken extra
steps to ensure
Louis Chagnon's stay is
the best it can be.
Starting with upgrading
his room.
Thank you. Brigitte.
That's why hiring you last year
was the best decision
I ever made.
Thank you. Ben.
Oh. and your father called and
left a message.
saying the deal in Finland
looks to close
and to start thinking of a team.
Oh. brilliant! Okay. great.
I'll give him a call right now
and work out some details.
Thank you for holding down the
fort. Brigitte. Okay.
♪
Okay. sounds good.
Oh. I gotta go.
Talk to you later. bye.
- Hi!
- Hi.
- I see your phone survived.
- The rice trick worked.
Oh. so I spoke to our parents
this morning.
and of course they're
having a blast.
but I said we were having just
as much fun.
Speaking of which. I met the
hotel designer. Ben.
Very handsome. by the way.
Um. and he wants to take us on a
tour of the Ice Hotel.
So I figure we eat breakfast.
and then we'll meet him
back at the ice slide. like.
around 10?
Okay. actually. I can't.
I have another call at 10.
With Shawn.
Is that who you were just on the
phone with?
- It was.
- Phoebe--
I know. Look.
he's having major regrets.
And hey. we all make mistakes.
right?
- I worry...
- I know. look.
I know he could break
my heart again.
but I want to take the risk.
okay?
I mean. I still love him.
Besides. people break up and
end up together all the time.
Look at my parents.
They broke up in college.
and now they're thirty
years strong.
So I want to give him
another chance.
I mean. I guess it can't hurt.
Why don't I meet up with you
later. and we can go. like--
ooh. cross country skiing
or something.
And then you can tell me all
about your tour
with the dreamy designer.
Yeah.
- He's pretty cute.
- See?
So maybe this trip was fate
and not just about your
work promotion.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
- Have a good call.
- I will.
♪
This looks like fun!
Yeah. as you can imagine.
it's a very popular attraction.
so it's the one thing we do
every year.
So you're saying other
than the slide.
this hotel is different
every year?
The design and the artwork
changes each winter season.
When your friend gets here.
I'll give you guys.
- like. the royal tour.
- Phoebe's not coming anymore.
She has a phone date with
her ex-boyfriend.
- Oh. second chances.
- Yeah.
A bit risky. if you ask me.
Well. we've all gotta take some
risks sometimes. don't we?
On that note. I know you really
wanna try this thing. so. uh...
Well. it is for kids. right?
Yeah. big and small.
Let's go. Come on.
♪
- Ladies first.
- Okay. here I go!
♪
(squealing)
Look out below! Here I come!
Whoo-hoo!
(cheering)
See? There's no way you could
miss out on that.
All right. now I will
show you the rooms.
- Okay.
- Right this way.
♪
Second one here.
Okay. next one.
♪
(Laughing)
(speaking indistinctly)
This one. I worked really
hard at.
And here. one of my favorites.
Ah. yes...
Thank you so much for the tour.
Oh. you're most welcome.
So did you enjoy your night cap
last night?
Oh. was that you that sent
that to my room?
We have a pot delivered to our
guests here every evening.
Oh. here I was thinking
I was special.
(laughing)
But thank you. it was delicious.
Like nothing I'd ever
had before.
Well. it's made from cloud
berries.
which are native to the region.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Never thought much could
grow up here.
Actually. you'd be surprised
what could thrive around here.
Well. clearly your
creativity can.
♪
Incredible.
You design all this yourself?
Well. usually I work
with my father.
and then we have a team
of artists come in
and execute the vision.
But my father is busy working on
our next venture in Finland
so this is my first year taking
on the hotel by myself.
I have to say. you've done a
darn good job.
And when people call me to book
their winter escapes.
I'm definitely gonna put this
place at the top of my list.
Oh yeah. Brigitte mentioned that
you're a travel agent.
Uh. well. I work at a travel
agency. I just. um...
I actually went to school for
hospitality and hotel management
which is what I really want to
be doing. but. uh.
the-- the stars just didn't
align. so...
Well. it appears we have two
notable guests
to impress this week. then.
Is there a celebrity staying
here right now?
For the business we're in. yeah.
(gasping)
I get it.
It's a hotel reviewer. isn't it?
Yes. but if I tell you.
promise to keep it a secret?
Oh yeah. I promise!
Lock it in the vault.
- So it's Louis Chagnon.
- Chagnon is here?!
-Yes.
- But how do you know he's here?
I thought he usually books
under an alias.
Shh-shh! Here he comes.
Here he comes. Just act cool.
(clearing throat)
- Mr. Wade.
- Mr. Green.
Ms. Fischer.
So you two know one another?
Oh yeah. I've booked Mr. Green
on a bunch of different
vacations.
He is quite the world traveler.
- Please.
- I see.
Well. Mr. Green. we would love
for you to join us
this evening in the dining room.
We are featuring an authentic
Nordic menu.
I wouldn't miss that
for the world.
- Great.
- Enjoy your tour.
See you later.
That's Chagnon?!
The feared hotel reviewer that
can make or break your business?
Yeah. but we can't let on that
we know. right? Deal?
- Deal.
- Okay.
- (phone vibrating)
- Oh. hang on.
I've got hotel duties to attend
to. I'm sorry. I should go.
That's okay. thanks for the
tour. it was great.
Like I said. it was a real
pleasure of mine.
and please. don't forget about
the Nordic dinner tonight.
- I wouldn't miss it.
- See you then.
Phoebe: Yes. downhill!
(laughing)
My mother is gonna be very
proud.
This is good. This is good.
Well. okay. my one ski is stuck
in a rut and I can't get it--
(laughing)
- You okay?
- There we go.
I can't believe he let you in on
the secret about the reviewer!
Yeah. we made a deal to
keep it a secret.
but now that I told you. now you
kinda have to keep it a secret.
- Oh. of course.
- Okay. great.
Mum's the word.
Oh. that looks fantastic.
Just be careful.
(laughing)
This is our dessert for dinner
tonight. just over here.
Just be careful.
Connie. you start running--
Phoebe: It's so cute that you
guys already share a secret.
Hannah: Thank you.
that's what I thought.
(Brigitte screaming)
Oh no! No. no!
No. no. no. no. no.
I am so sorry.
Oh. it's-- it's okay.
I'll take care of this.
Let me help. I mean. I can carry
it in or help salvage it.
Maybe I can...
I can make cupcakes.
It's okay.
Don't worry about it.
Are you sure?
Brigitte: Oh. I'll just
take this inside.
(sighing)
I hope that cake wasn't for
anything special.
Hey. accidents happen. okay?
It was just an accident.
Don't beat yourself up.
I bet Ben isn't too happy
with me now.
Let's go get a hot chocolate.
Ben: No chance of
a last minute delivery?
Brigitte: There was nothing
we could do to salvage it.
So we'll just have to
alter the menu.
Ben: Chagnon was expecting an
authentic Nordic menu.
This Kransekake was a huge
part of that.
Well. I could have the chef
whip up a pudding.
but that's all we could manage
on such short notice.
- Hi.
- Pudding?
Uh. I'm sorry I couldn't help
but overhear.
What happened to the cake
was my fault.
so I would love to do anything
I could to help.
I mean. I can't make another
Kransekake 'cause the dough
needs to chill overnight.
but I can make any other kind
- of Nordic dessert.
- Thank you. Ms. Fischer.
But I'm sure we can handle
the situation.
Can we? I mean.
other than pudding.
we don't have anything
else to offer.
and pudding isn't
exactly Nordic.
I can make an Aebleskiver.
- Sorry. what did you say?
- It's a Nordic dessert.
My grandmother and I made it
growing up. I mean.
I can make it in my sleep.
It's the least I could do.
But you're our guest. we can't
have you cooking for us.
Oh. trust me. this. like.
what you guys do.
is exactly what I want
to be doing.
So it would really just enhance
this whole experience for me.
I mean. plus I know how
important
this dinner is for you.
Hannah. I think that's
a great idea.
Uh. Aebleskiver it is. then.
- Great.
- Okay.
Cool. Okay.
I'm gonna get this to go.
- Okay.
- Are you sure about this?
She's here on behalf of
a travel agency.
Yes. I know that.
but I'd rather not risk
a negative review from Chagnon.
and right now we don't have a
better option. so....
Okay. ready.
Great. I'll show you
the kitchen.
- Cool.
- We got this.
Thank you. Brigitte.
- Right this way.
- Cool.
- Go ahead.
- Oh.
Ah. what did you say
it was called?
Aebleskiver.
Okay. so we usually source out
most of our desserts.
since as you can see. we don't
have a very large kitchen.
but I think we should have
everything we need.
I did know you were helping me.
Of course I am! I can't have you
telling your clients
that at the Ice Hotel.
they make the guests cook
their own meals.
So what do we need?
Okay. I need the cake pop pan.
eggs. butter. and milk.
Got it. okay.
So how did your family start
designing ice hotels?
Well. um. when I was a kid.
I asked my dad for an igloo.
and he recruited our family
friend. Joe Shawinigan.
who is also a resident artist
here. actually.
He's the one that showed my dad
how to pack the snow
so tight that it would actually
trap our body heat.
My dad and I spent the night
in the igloo.
and the idea for the Ice Hotel
was born.
That's a nice story.
A lot of dreams are born from
great stories.
What inspired you to enter into
the wild world
of hospitality and hotel
management?
- (Hannah laughing)
- It's a family tradition.
Every year. my family goes on
a tropical vacation.
- Really?
- Yeah. I loved it.
Collecting seashells.
hearing the waves on the shore.
And ever since then.
I wanted to manage my own hotel.
Somewhere warm.
You know. nothing fancy.
just a couple huts on the ocean.
- That's a good story.
- Mm. yeah.
Wish it had a happy ending.
though. but...
What happened?
Um. I was managing a hotel
for a little bit.
but as it turns out.
it kind of flooded on my watch.
So that's when I joined
the agency.
and I've been there ever since.
Here I am. fixing another
mistake.
You know. the first Ice Hotel
that my dad and I tried to build
started melting before we were
even finished.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It was a total disaster.
But we just kept the dream alive
and kept trying until
we did it.
Kind of like these eggs.
I'm really trying.
but I think there might be some
shell in there.
Okay. well. we can't have
Louis Chagnon
crunching on some egg shell.
let's that out of there.
Okay.
Okay. Oh.
♪
I was so nervous about the whole
cake thing.
but actually I ended up having
a really good time.
Like. I mean.
being in the hotel kitchen.
helping out.
it's really my thing.
With the dreamy designer.
or without?
(laughing)
It was nice having Ben by my
side. assisting me.
Phoebe: Oh. well.
it looks like he missed you.
Ladies. how is everything going?
- So far. pretty darn great.
- Well. good.
Ben. this is my best friend
in the entire world. Phoebe.
Phoebe. it's a pleasure
to meet you.
And you.
So. um. when is Mr. Green
getting his dessert?
well. he just finished his
second course.
So he should be getting it
any minute now.
I hope he likes it.
We're about to find out.
Oh my gosh...
(gasping)
Wow!
(patrons clapping)
(applauding)
And for the grand finale.
Mr. Green.
♪
La piece de resistance.
Or. as us Americans would say.
the icing on the cake.
I must commend you on a truly
remarkable and authentic meal.
And that dessert?
(chuckling)
So glad you liked it.
You should meet the culinary
genius behind it.
This is Hannah.
who made your Aebleskiver.
Well. I had some help
in the kitchen.
Well. it is evident. my dear.
that your talents and your
skills extend far beyond
just booking vacations.
It's my grandmother's recipe.
Oh. in that case. please give
my regards to...
your grandmother.
Goodnight.
Goodnight. sir.
Thank you.
- So?
- He liked it!
Louis Chagnon liked it!
Mr. Green liked it.
So. should we celebrate?
I can make us all the Ice Hotel
specialty cocktail.
I would not be opposed to that.
Hey. you know. you guys go ahead
and celebrate.
I have a very important phone
call to make.
But you guys have fun.
- Okay.
- See you.
- Say hi to Shawn for me.
- Phoebe: I will!
So I'm curious. what goes into
these specialty cocktails?
Do you have a pair of gloves?
- Yes.
- You're gonna need 'em.
Okay.
Oh. this is so cool!
Imagine if this didn't melt.
how it cool it would be.
on. like. a tropical cruise.
Actually. I'm not done with
yours yet.
One second.
Mm. there.
What?!
That is incredible!
Where did you learn how
to do that?
Well. I kinda just taught myself
while sitting in my igloo.
actually.
Um. I thought the place needed
a little sprucing up.
so I just started etching little
designs into the ice.
and just moved on to bigger
and bigger things.
and now here we are.
Okay. now for our toast.
The Ice Hotel's homemade cider.
To your Aebleskiver.
A great success.
And to you. for saving the day.
Well. I only saved it
because I kind of messed it up
to begin with.
I think things happen
for a reason.
Yeah. I'll go with that.
Cheers.
Mmm.
I think this is better than any
tropical drink I've ever had.
And actually. it kinda makes me
happy that I'm here
and not on the cruise.
For the record.
I'm glad you made it.
♪
(exhaling)
(phone ringing)
Hey. Erin!
Everything is amazing.
I actually think I can start
to get used to
all the ice and snow.
That's great news. Hannah!
Because in a few days.
we'll vote to see
if you'll be our manager of
Frosty Forays.
which would mean a nice big
office you can keep
as hot or as cold as you like.
Great. huh?
Yeah. great! Um. but I don't
mind being so hands on.
Erin: Trust me. you will have
enough on your hands
overseeing all of our agents.
Now get out there. and
experience everything you can
so you have lots of
recommendations to pass on.
- You bet.
- Great. Thanks. Hannah.
Okay. bye.
Morning. Mr. Green.
Great day to sign up for winter
activities.
That it is. And besides.
I need to work off that fabulous
meal I had last night.
How about snowshoeing?
That's different. right?
And kind of a perfect
day for it.
with all the fresh snow
we just got.
And I'm sure it's a workout.
You know. I've never tried
snowshoeing.
That's a great idea.
Thank you.
Morning. guys.
What a beautiful day full
of fresh snow.
It is. but it's kept some of our
staff from getting here
so we're just trying to work out
which activities we have to
- cancel for the day.
- Like what?
Cross country skiing.
snowshoeing.
I kinda just convinced Chagnon
to do the snowshoeing.
Uh. sorry. you know who
Louis Chagnon is?
I kinda let the cat out
of the bag.
But only because I guessed.
Kind of.
Oh. well. Now it seems we're in
another Chagnon pickle.
Guess it won't bode well
for our review
if we have to cancel an activity
at the last minute.
I know. Um. Phoebe can do it.
I mean. she's a fitness
instructor.
so she knows everything
sport-like.
That's kind of you to offer her
services. Ms. Fischer.
but we need two people to
take a group out.
One to lead. and one to
take up the rear
and make sure no one
falls behind.
Well. I can do it.
Honestly. you've already
done enough.
No. I would love to. and I'm
sure Phoebe would be on board.
But you don't know the trails.
and I doubt getting Louis
Chagnon lost would help us.
Well. I can clear my schedule
and accompany them.
Okay. well. I'll tell Phoebe
she's instructing today.
- Great.
- Okay.
Okay.
- I have to--
- I know what you're gonna say.
Look. she's so much more than
just a travel agent.
She has dreams
of owning her own hotel.
Really?
And I think she has some really
great problem solving skills.
So don't worry.
We'll handle it.
Mm-hm.
Knock-knock.
Oh my goodness. Hannah!
I was just about to come and
find you. Guess what?
What? What's up?
Shawn is coming here.
To the hotel. to see me!
Oh. that is great!
I mean--
wait. what does that mean?
It means he's finally proving
his commitment to me.
Phoebe. I'm so happy for you.
- Really.
- Thank you.
And don't worry. I won't make
you feel like a third wheel.
Hey. especially if Ben hangs
out with us.
Then we could. like. you know.
double date.
I really don't think Ben has
time to hang out.
Besides. I kind of. um. messed
something up again.
but that's okay 'cause we're
gonna fix it.
We? What do you mean. "we?"
Snowshoeing?
Oh. seriously? That's fun.
I mean. I've always wanted
to try it.
- You've never tried it?
- No.
but I hear it's challenging
which is very good.
because I haven't had a proper
workout since we arrived.
Oh no...
Why. what?
I kinda signed you up to. uh.
lead a snowshoeing tour.
Why?!
Because Ben was going to have to
cancel because his employees
got held up by a snow storm.
and then. I. of course.
told Chagnon that he should try
it. and if he can't.
then he might give the hotel a
bad review. but that's okay.
because we can learn how--
Hannah. I know you like
this guy.
but it takes me awhile to plan
a cardio circuit
and I don't even know how
to snowshoe.
I feel like if I can get this
hotel a good review.
then I'm kinda like.
redeeming myself for flooding
the other one.
- Is that crazy?
- It's not crazy.
And besides. how hard can it be.
I mean. we already know how to
cross country ski. right?
- Thanks. you're the best.
- I know.
(giggling)
Okay. let's see how
this thing is done.
Is snowshoeing one word or two?
Oh boy.
♪
Phoebe: All right! Is everyone
excited to hit the trails?
(cheering)
Great. guys! Now your strides
should be a little bit
wider than normal. let's say.
if you were hiking.
She really does know what
she's doing.
Mm-hm.
And make sure to keep your feet
firmly in the snow.
You're gonna need the traction
from your snowshoe cleats
and your poles for traction.
okay. guys?
Pick up the pace! Keep it going!
Gorgeous day out. guys!
Let's go! Pick it up!
♪
Come on. guys!
Gotta get that work out.
Feel the burn.
Louis: I prefer skiing myself.
But this is good.
Ben:
I am not complaining.
(panting)
Phoebe: Come on! Get those poles
working for ya!
Sorry. She's kinda used to
running a cardio class.
At this pace it will tire
everyone out
before we're halfway through.
I know. I know how we can slow
down the pace.
Okay. everybody stop.
If we all look to the right.
we can see. um.
beautiful view of. um...
Boreal forests. Yes. filled
primarily with pine.
spruce. and larch.
This is no doubt. uh. an
integral part of the landscape.
Ben:
Yes. indeed it is.
Because of our long.
cold. climate.
it means we have a very short
growing period.
so the forests provide
a haven of survival
for many different species of
vegetation and wildlife.
Now as we continue. we're gonna
be stopping from here and there
to talk about. uh.
facts about the region.
- Won't we?
- Yes. yes we will.
- You are good!
- Hannah: Thank you.
Ben: Now these forests will
actually yield
quite an impressive variety of
berries year round.
Hannah: Like the cloud berries
you use in the tea at the hotel?
Ben:
That's right.
Yes. in the springtime.
wild blueberries. cloud berries.
and goose berries
will cover these grounds in
a cornucopia of color.
- What is it?
- The trail.
it hasn't been cleared
through here.
What does that mean?
It means I can't exactly be sure
where we're going.
(whispering)
Are you saying we're lost?
This is very intriguing.
but I must say.
the thought of a hot tea
right now is most appealing.
- Yes.
- Phoebe: Yeah. guys.
How long is this tour?
Or like. snowshoe. whatever.
(Whispering) I'd say we'd have
looped around already.
but I don't remember the
turnabout.
I think we should get Chagnon
off his feet.
'cause I can't tell if he's red
from the cold or the exertion.
Okay. um. maybe I could try to
find us on the GPS.
Oh. don't bother. there's no
signal. I already tried.
Hannah:
It's okay.
we're just going to follow our
tracks back to the hotel.
All right. everybody!
Time to go back. whoo!
Group:
Yay...
Louis:
Okay.
- Uh-oh.
- Yeah.
Looks like we're not the only
ones taking advantage
of the fresh snow.
That house over there.
Maybe someone's home.
we could ask for directions.
Yeah. good idea.
I'll go check it out.
Okay.
Right this way. folks.
(knocking)
Ah--
My goodness.
what do we have here?
Hi. sorry for the intrusion.
we're from the Ice Hotel and--
(whispering)
We're a bit lost.
Ah. the famed ice hotel.
come on in.
- Come in.
- All of us?
Of course. you've come
a long way.
All of you need to warm up
before we set you
- in the right direction.
- Come on.
Come along. folks.
Some hot gooseberry tea to get
the chill out of your bones.
Thank you.
I must say.
this is the most enjoyable
part of the tour.
We kinda told the guests
that this was part
of the whole snowshoeing tour.
Yeah. so they don't know
we're lost.
Don't worry. you haven't strayed
too far off the beaten path.
Yeah. we'll point you in
the right way
after you've all had a rest.
Thank you so much for your
hospitality. both of you.
Well. the Ice Hotel was more
than hospitable to us
when we stayed there on our 20th
wedding anniversary.
Oh. it was magical. I even
remember the room we stayed in.
It had a snow owl theme.
Oh. my father designed
that room.
Your father. really?!
Yeah. so this is my first year
designing the hotel by myself
but my father is the real
creative force behind it
and has been for the last
22 years.
So you're an artist just
like we are.
I guess so. yeah.
What kind of art
do the both of you do?
Anne Marie: Well. if you take a
closer look at your mug.
- you'll see.
- Ben: Oh. glassware?
We hand-blow them.
so each is different and unique.
If you're interested.
I can show you our workshop.
Everyone seems pretty content
right now.
so I don't see why not. yeah.
Come on. I'll show you.
Watch your step.
And in here. well. this is where
the magic happens.
Wow.
Take a look.
Cool.
Hannah: Wow. each piece is so
fluid and unique.
That's the beauty of working
with handcrafted glass.
You have to work with it while
it's still in liquid form.
so you go with the flow
as you mold it
into whatever shape you want.
You know what?
I'm gonna show you. Come on.
♪
Now just be very careful.
that oven is 2.000 degrees.
Okay.
So. what you do...
dip it in here.
Whoa!
Man:
That is liquid glass.
Now. we just take this out.
and now. I'm going to take it
over here and roll it out.
and I'm going to roll that
liquid glass out there
just like I'm rolling out dough.
as if I was baking.
Why don't you give it a try?
- Me? Ah!
- Yeah.
- Go for it. yeah!
- Okay.
- Man: That's it.
You want to keep it centered on
the tip there.
Yeah. down a little bit lower.
that's it.
I'm going to add some sparkle.
- Ben: Ooh. yeah.
- Man: There you go.
- Ben: There you go!
- (laughing)
- Here you try.
- You sure?
Yeah.
I think you're doing
a great job.
- I am.
- Okay.
Man: Yeah. That's perfect.
And I'm going to grab
that from you.
Okay.
'Cause I'm going to put it back
in the oven.
- Oh yeah.
- Cool.
Yeah. that looks great.
Okay. now the beauty of working
with liquid glass
is you can form it into anything
you can think of.
(water sizzling)
See how it's making
a nice shape there?
And that is a little
introduction into glassmaking.
(sighing) Well.
what do you think?
Do you think the rest of your
group would be interested
in seeing this process?
Really? You would show them?
Oh. my wife will tell you
I love an audience
and out here we don't get a lot
of visitors. so...
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Because I think you'd have a
very captivated audience. yeah.
The more the merrier.
Bring 'em in.
- Okay.
- Oh. okay.
Alright. I'll get ready.
♪
Philip is crushing
it in there.
He's bringing
down the house.
Yeah. he's quite the character.
- (chuckling)
- Yeah.
You know. you really know how
to turn things around.
First the cake. now this
snowshoeing excursion.
I mean.
it's a real talent.
and I think it's one that every
hotel owner should have.
Well. I don't have my own hotel.
but I am happy to make sure
that your hotel gets the review
it deserves.
because this whole experience
has been amazing
in so many ways.
I mean... look at this.
Not what I expected.
And what did you expect?
I was pretty unsure
about coming here.
I mean... (chuckling)
the thought of trading in my
swimsuit for a parka?
Not ideal.
but all the snow
and ice and...
...crisp air.
it's rejuvenating
in its own way.
So. you're a convert.
Well. I would still like to hit
the beach every now and then.
- (laughing)
- But for now...
I think I prefer it here.
♪
Yeah. that's. um.
that's caribou.
Right.
Some people think that
if you see one.
it means your spiritual or
emotional journey
is coming to a fruitful end.
Kind of like a happy ending
to a good story.
Aha! There you are.
Mon. chef-d'oeuvre.
(chuckling)
It's a masterpiece. eh?
Beautiful. yeah.
Well. it's getting kind of late.
we should probably head back.
♪
I can't thank your friend Phoebe
enough for stepping in
as our snow shoeing expert.
That was great.
Well. I'm glad she's rewarding
herself with a sauna.
Good.
So. that was clearly a success
with all the guests buzzing.
especially Mr. Green.
Although if I'd
had the staff.
I would have sent
out a search party.
Where on earth did you go?
Ah. we kind of turned it into
more of a tour than just a hike.
- We got a little bit lost.
- But it was great.
because we had all those
interesting stories
and tidbits for the tour...
Yeah. and then you discovered
the Peterson farmhouse.
which turned into an incredible
experience.
And I think we're going
to have to add it
- to the hike for next year.
- That is a great idea!
You know what? You should
make a brochure for it.
You're amazing. Hannah.
I could really use somebody
like you in Finland.
Really? I don't know. I feel
like I keep fixing everything
that I bumble up.
(chuckling)
Uh. Ben. I really do need you to
go check and make sure
everything is in order for
the maple syrup party tonight.
Oh. right! Of course. yes.
Are you going to join
us for that?
It's like my favorite event
of the year.
- Then how could I miss it?
- Great. Okay.
I'll meet you out front and show
you the way around eight?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Uh. Ben?
- Right. yes.
I'll see you later.
♪
Hey.
Um. is Phoebe joining us or is
she wrapped up in another call.
No. Phoebe got a head start with
Louis and the gang.
Okay. okay. cool.
Are you warm enough?
Because it's a bit of a walk
to get there.
Yeah. I got my layers.
Okay. well it's right this way.
♪
Hannah: Wow.
This is like... magic.
(Ben chuckling)
Yeah. forests have always been
spiritual places.
so. I thought I'd create this
to give the guests
some of that magic. you know?
This. what you've created is
like a...
like a different world.
I read once somewhere that a
walk in the forest
has the same effect on the mind
as deep meditation.
So. anytime I have
a creative block
or I'm trying to work
through a problem.
I'll just come out here and
it usually helps.
Is that where you came up
with this?
Uh. yes. it is.
(howling)
What was that?
Probably just an owl.
Didn't sound like an owl.
(howling)
Okay. that definitely
was not an owl!
It's okay. they're not
interested in us. It's okay.
I got you. Trust me.
I'm very sweet.
I'll have you know.
(laughing)
Speaking of. I know something
else very sweet
that I think you might enjoy.
♪
Hannah:
What is this place?
This is a maple syrup farm
that I bought.
I thought our guests could enjoy
learning the old traditions
of how to make maple syrup.
Hannah: Brigitte looks like she
knows what she's doing.
Ben: Oh yeah.
Anything to do with the winter
season is like her thing.
I honestly have no idea what
I did before I hired her.
because she does so much for me.
it's kind of crazy actually.
Anyway. come over here.
I want to show you this.
Okay. this right here
is called a spile.
It's just a tap that allows the
sap to run into the bucket.
You see. this one's
almost full.
- Can I try it?
- Go for it if you want.
- It's mostly like water.
- (laughing)
Here.
Here. why don't you tap
your own.
Here's your spile
and your hammer.
Okay.
Yeah. there you go.
right there.
Uh-huh. There you go.
- Nice.
- (chuckling)
- Aha!
- Oh! (chuckling)
I see that you two have found.
as they say.
the sweet spot.
Ah. good one. Mr. Green.
(chuckling)
Brigitte:
Gather round. gather round.
- That's it. Ben?
- Yeah.
Okay. (clears throat)
This is the part where the sap.
which runs from the trees
is boiled down so the water
evaporates.
and what's left is what we like
to call liquid gold.
That's right.
So. it actually takes
about 40 to 50 gallons of sap to
make just one gallon of syrup.
So. it really is just as
precious as gold.
And even more delicious.
Ben: You got that right.
Mr. Green.
And on that note. without any
further ado.
the moment you've all been
waiting for. a little sampling.
- (group murmurs)
- If you'll follow us over here.
♪
Okay. so here's where we make
our maple taffy
for you to enjoy.
So. what Brigitte's got here is
boiling hot syrup.
and when she pours it into the
snow. it'll begin to harden.
Next. you're going to take your
popsicle stick
and you're going to sort of
twirl it into the taffy
and you'll be making sort of
like a little lollypop with it.
You want to do it while it's
still soft.
but not too soft.
or you'll have a gooey mess
on your hands.
(laughing)
- Ben: Great. Looking good.
- Ta-dah--
- (gasping)
- Oh no.
(chuckling)
Uh...
I am so. so. so sorry.
Um. I can fix this.
- It's alright--
- Please let me.
- It's alright.
- No I got it.
- I got it.
- No. no. no. I got it.
Ladies! Please. that is my
favorite hat.
I bought that at a Celtic
boutique in northern Scotland.
Oh. it's very. very Scottish.
I'm managing this event.
I'll handle it.
Mr. Green. why don't you come
inside with Ben and I.
He'll get you cleaned up.
and I'll make sure your hat
is good as new.
Oh dear. it's in my hair.
- It's-- It's in my hair!
- Come with me.
Ben: I am so sorry. Mr. Green.
Mr. Green:
It's in my hair.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah. really.
don't worry about it.
I mean. I'm sure his fancy
Scottish hat will be just fine.
There goes my chances of
redeeming myself.
It's an accident. I mean. he
could have done it himself.
It was me. as per usual.
♪
Hey. where'd you go last night?
Well. after snowshoeing and all
the maple syrup fiasco.
I was a bit done.
but my snuggle buddy Mr. Water
Bottle did the trick.
(chuckling)
Well. my snuggle buddy should be
here any minute.
- Okay. I think that's him.
- Okay.
Okay. what do I do?
-Do I hug him or greet him?
- I don't know.
Thanks.
- Okay.
- Go. You got it.
- Hey.
(chuckling)
- I missed you.
♪
(chainsaw buzzing)
Oh! Hey.
Hey. sorry. I heard a commotion
and I was curious.
No. I love the curiosity.
Come on in.
So. how's Chagnon?
Oh. he's no worse for the wear.
Yourself?
No worse. I guess.
So what's this gonna be?
Maybe something for the dining
room or the main entrance.
How long does it normally
take you?
Depends on how detailed it is.
but usually not longer
than a day or two.
So. why don't we tackle
this block of ice?
Any ideas what it should be?
It can be anything
your heart desires.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Let you imagination
run wild.
How about a... seashell.
A-- Well. I can honestly say
I've never carved a seashell
out of ice.
but I love a challenge.
Okay. so first what
you want to do
is cut down the general size
of what you want to make.
That's what I was doing with
the chainsaw.
And then next. you want to move
in with an etching tool.
Here you go.
And then just start
tracing the outline
of whatever
you want to design.
- Now?
- Yeah.
(chuckling) Okay.
There you go.
There you go. you got it.
I knew you'd pick it up.
- Oh! Hey.
- (both chuckling)
So. after that whole...
flooding incident.
is that when you stopped
pursuing your dream
of running your own hotel?
Well. my confidence definitely
took a big hit.
Running my own hotel
in New York.
even if it was a boutique.
it's not exactly
the kind of job you get right
out of college.
so I was really excited.
And then. one night.
I was working late
and the kitchen staff told me
about a leak
that I thought could wait until
the next morning.
Clearly I was wrong. so. yeah
an inch of water later.
I was fired. and that's when I
started working at the agency.
You know.
kind of hard to mess up an eight
by eight cubicle. right? Heh.
I can imagine why that would
make you question yourself.
but take it from somebody who
has been through
a lot of ups and downs
in this business.
you have more than what it takes
to run a place like this.
And I think it would
be a shame
if you gave up
on your dreams.
because without our dreams.
what have we got?
Hmm.
You know what? I think when
we're done with this.
this should go in the front
entrance.
Really?
Yeah.
Why not bring a bit of
the beach up to the north.
It can only brighten things
up around here.
It's a lot of pressure.
Ben: Look at you go.
I think it looks good here.
I agree.
I think it's perfect.
Almost perfect.
There. Now it's perfect.
Oh yeah. Good job.
Hey. Nice shell.
- It's a clam.
- With a pearl.
- Ben and I made it.
- Seriously?
Yeah. she's a quick study
this one.
Hey there. I'm Ben Wade.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Ben. this is my--
Boyfriend. Shawn.
Boyfriend Shawn.
very nice to meet you.
I'm thrilled you
could make it.
Ben is the designer
of all of this.
Wow. Well. from what
I've seen so far.
congratulations are in order.
Thank you so much.
Hey. we were just on our way to
make a dinner reservation
for the three of us. but I could
make it for four.
if you can join us. Ben.
(chuckling) Um. you know what?
I do deserve a break.
actually.
And I'm pretty staffed
at the moment.
and I'm. well. kind of
the boss of the place.
So. uh. yeah okay.
Well. then. hey you should take
the day off
and you two could
play hooky together.
I don't think it's the time
to do that. so...
I think that sounds
like a great idea.
I'll just go arrange for
the shuttle
to pick us up for dinner
and I'll be back.
- Okay.
- Sounds good.
Bye.
Subtle!
(laughing) What? Don't you think
he deserves a break?
Of course he does.
We all deserve a break.
We're going to continue
the tour. Have fun.
Okay!
Okay. we're all set.
What do you wanna do?
Well. we've already done
a tour on foot.
and I don't think if we got
lost again
we'd have the same luck
we did last time.
So. maybe a different kind of
tour is in order.
I'm intrigued.
- Shall we?
- We shall.
(neighing)
- Now this guy's impressive.
- Ben: Isn't he?
We call him Bear because
he's soft as a teddy.
but big as a grizzly.
Aren't you. boy?
This is gonna be easier than
snowshoeing.
Yeah. warmer too.
I'll say.
♪
I can't believe he made it
up that hill.
I thought for sure he was
going to give up
and we were gonna have
to walk back.
No way. not Bear.
He's a workhorse.
Okay. well I should get ready
and dressed for dinner.
Okay. uh shuttle
leaves at eight.
- Okay. see you then.
- See you then.
Ben. the fireworks company
just called.
They wanted to know if we'd had
a look at the show
they designed for this
week's guests.
The Northern Lights theme.
I figured you'd want to see it
before I approve.
Oh. that's okay.
I trust your judgement.
Oh. and your father called.
The deal officially closed on
your new ice hotel in Finland.
Oh! That's fantastic!
So. maybe we should raise
an ice glass later?
Talk over the details.
Oh. um. I'm actually already
having dinner
with Hannah
and her friends tonight.
But maybe some other time?
Oh. of course.
And I trust if any other
emergencies come up tonight.
you'll be able to handle it.
You can always
count on me. Ben.
That's the confidence
I wish we all had.
Oh. is something wrong?
No. No. no. no.
It's just Hannah had a setback
when she worked at a hotel
in New York a couple
of years ago.
She's clearly very capable
with everything she's helped out
with around here.
I just think it would be nice.
if she could regain
some of the confidence that
you have. you know?
Well. it does help that ice
and snow are my expertise.
Yeah.
And just so you know...
I would gladly follow you to any
location. even Finland.
We make a great team. Ben.
Have a good night.
You too.
Thank you.
♪
So. Ben. do you spend the whole
season here at the hotel?
I do. yeah.
And this is no pitch.
but it's a pretty magical way
to spend the winter.
I believe it.
Okay so. other than the obvious.
what makes it so special?
Geez. let's see. well.
there's never any shortage of
ways to enjoy the weather.
There's skiing.
there's dogsledding.
super-cool.
or ice fishing.
or just having a bonfire
underneath the stars.
It's beautiful.
Also. we host a lot of events
and weddings
and things like that
at our ice chapel.
Which you've got to check out.
It's truly enchanting.
- Sounds incredible.
- Yeah.
We hope you make memories here
that you'll never forget.
I'm pretty sure this trip is
going to be pretty memorable.
So. how about a toast?
To enjoying all the seasons
that mother nature brings us
to the fullest.
- Hear. hear.
- (glasses clink)
♪
(laughing)
Well. the night is young.
What do you guys think. maybe a
bonfire or an icy cocktail?
Actually. I raved so much about
the Nordic spa
that Shawn and I have
a hot tub date.
The snow. the stars.
this beauty in a hot tub.
what's not to love?
Can't argue that.
Phoebe: But you're right.
the night is young.
so you two should have fun.
- (chuckling) See ya.
- Ben: Okay. bye.
- Enjoy.
- Bye.
Well. any thoughts?
Bonfire sounded nice.
'cause I think the temperature
just dropped.
Oh. here. My scarf.
(chuckling)
Joe! Hey. buddy.
Ahh.
Good to see you.
What-- What are you doing here?
Oh. I just came to touch up
a few pieces.
between hockey periods.
Well. who's this lovely lady?
This is one of our
guests. Hannah.
Hannah.
this is Joe Shawinigan.
the very dear family friend
I was telling you about.
Oh. you're the guy who taught
Ben's dad
how to make houses
out of snow.
I may have
helped a little.
Although. I'm sure Ben and his
father know more than I do now.
There's nobody that knows more
about this region
than this man right here.
Speaking of. you know now is
the best time.
Oh. I almost forgot.
That's right!
- Wait. For what?
- Follow me.
You'll see.
♪
Well. there it is.
The Aurora Borealis.
It's incredible.
Have you not seen it before?
My grandmother would always
talk about it.
Her and my grandpa
would drive every year
to the northern part
of Sweden to see them.
She always said words couldn't
describe them.
She was right.
(chuckling)
Joe: There are those
that believe
that what you're seeing there
are people's
spirits crossing over.
They're dancing into the next
life. the next adventure.
My grandmother said
that the Nordic believed
that the Aurora was a
premonition of good news.
I like that.
(chuckling)
I think I'm gonna go check
on those sculptures now.
You two enjoy your evening.
It was a pleasure
meeting you. Joe.
You. too.
And I'll see you around.
Take care.
It's amazing.
This whole trip.
it's just like you said.
I'm gonna have memories
I'm never gonna forget.
All too often. when we
return to our normal lives.
we do forget what it was like.
I think I know a way
we can make people remember.
You. an idea?
Why am I not surprised?
I have to make a call.
Can you meet me
here in the morning?
It's a date.
Thanks for playing
hooky with me today.
I had a great time.
Goodnight. Hannah.
Goodnight. Ben.
(sighing)
ere it is..
Wow.
That's incredible.
It looks just like ice.
And it won't melt. so your
guests can take the wonders
of the ice hotel home with them.
That's a great idea.
Hey. Phil. if I commissioned
you.
would you be able
to make one of these
for each of the guests
to take home with them?
Alice and I would be
honored to.
You know what? You take this one
and we'll have that
order done when you need it.
I know. We should
give one to Louis Chagnon.
Might inspire his review.
You're right about this one;
she's full of ideas.
- See ya.
- Thanks for everything.
- Appreciate it.
- Yeah. you're welcome.
Me. too. (laughing)
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
Bye.
(light jazz playing)
Hey.
Oh. hey!
I saved you a seat.
Ben: Thank you.
(light jazz playing)
May I?
(audience applauding)
(light jazz playing)
Wow. he can really play.
Yeah. Well. shouldn't
leave him hanging.
(light jazz playing)
♪
Whoo!
- (audience applauding)
- Phoebe: Whoo! Oww!
I didn't know he
played an instrument.
He doesn't and
he doesn't sing either.
Do you mind if I. uh.
say something quick?
Oh. Please.
Ladies and gentlemen.
can I. uh.
have your attention. please?
Thank you.
My name's Shawn.
And over there is
my lovely lady Phoebe.
Whoo!
And it's hard to believe
I ever let her go.
In fact. it was the biggest
mistake I've ever made.
But. Phoebe.
you had the heart. the courage
and the faith
to give me a second chance.
And I want you to know
it wasn't in vain
and that I never...
want to lose you again.
Phoebe Price...
(gasping)
...will you marry me?
(whispering:) Oh my gosh.
I will. I totally will.
Tell him.
Oh. yeah. I will! I will!
(cheering)
Louis: All right!
♪
Oh. I am so happy for Phoebe.
I thought she was never
gonna get over Shawn.
She loved him so much.
And now. they get to spend the
rest of their life together.
Yeah. and who knows?
I mean. maybe they'll even
get married at the ice chapel
and there'd be
a reason to come back.
I'd like that... a lot.
Well. that makes me very happy
to hear because. um...
I was actually going
to ask you if...
you might be
interested in joining me
on my next
ice adventure in Finland.
I know it's very far away
and you've got family here
and everything. Um...
I don't know. I just...
I think we make a great team.
Are you sure? Because I feel
like I kind of bungled
everything up
since I've been here.
Like. I flattened the cake
and I glued Chagnon. I--
No. No. Listen. you've got
to give yourself another chance.
You are more than qualified.
But it's more than that.
Um... I...
Well. I. um...
I. uh...
Ben. Ms. Fisher.
how was the evening?
It was perfect.
Well. that's what we strive
for here at the Ice Hotel.
Right. Ben?
That's right. yes.
Ms. Fisher. are you
retiring for the evening?
Yeah. Yeah. I am.
Then. I'll have to make sure
your last night with us
continues to be perfect.
starting with some tea.
I'll bring that to your room.
Cool.
Thank you. Brigitte.
My pleasure.
Um...
So. you'll
think about my offer?
Definitely.
Goodnight. Hannah.
Goodnight. Ben.
Goodnight. Brigitte.
Goodnight.
Is there any tea
you have a preference for?
Oh. uh. definitely cloudberry.
That one was unusually good.
It's right here.
Thanks.
Do you want help?
I could put a log on the fire.
Where's the door to this thing?
Oh. no. Please.
We don't let the guests do that.
Otherwise. we run the risk of
the doors being left open.
and if too much heat escapes.
well. it could quite literally
melt and flood this room.
You see. running an
ice hotel is delicate work
and requires
someone like myself.
who understands the fragile
nature of ice and snow.
which is very important
because the slightest
misstep or wrong decision
or even just an accident
could turn this place
into a watery mess.
And I don't it would be fair to
Ben to entrust his life's work
to inexperienced hands.
I truly hope you've enjoyed
your stay with us. Ms. Fisher.
♪
(sighing)
- (shattering)
- Oh!
(sighing)
♪
Phoebe: Isn't beautiful?
It looks just
like a piece of ice.
Hannah: Stunning!
I'm so happy for you.
Phoebe. really.
Thanks. And what about you
and your dreamy designer?
- Oh. Uh. well--
- Wait. here he comes.
Um. I'll let you guys exchange
numbers and emails and all that.
Hey. uh. they told me
you checked out.
You should have
had them buzz me.
Yeah. my shuttle came
quicker than I thought.
I just-- I didn't
want to miss my flight.
Right. Yeah. of course.
Um... did you have a chance
to think about Finland?
Yeah. I slept on it.
Uh. I just--
I really don't
think it's for me.
all the ice and snow. I--
I'm more of a sun
and sand kind of gal at heart.
Yeah. I understand.
Well. then. good luck. Hannah.
Um... thank you for everything.
You sure made things special
around here this week.
It was special.
All right. I gotta go.
Yeah. okay.
But thank you for everything.
Bye. Ben.
Bye. Hannah.
Let's go.
(engine revving)
♪
Hannah!
- Hey. Mom. Welcome back!
- There you are!
Oh...
Oh my God. I missed you!
Come on in!
Oh. you look so good;
all bright-eyed.
Is that all from the cold air?
(chuckling) I guess.
Tell me about your trip.
It was fun. fun in the sun.
See. that is what I want:
no ice. no snow. just sun.
All right. Hannah.
what's going on with you?
What? I'm...
I'm fine.
No. you're not.
What happened?
Nothing. Honest!
I-I had a good time.
Just...
Hannah?
You're my daughter
and I know when
something's upsetting you.
You know that staff member
I was telling you about?
The one I was
going to recommend?
Yes. I remember.
Okay. Well. he ended up being
the hotel owner and designer.
and him and his dad have
been doing this for years.
and he showed me this whole...
other world that was incredible.
and I fell in love with it.
and we just--
we had such a good connection.
And then. he kind of offered me
a job at his new hotel
in Finland. which I
initially said yes to.
but. uh. then I just...
I just kind of...
walked away.
That's everything
you've dreamed about.
I mean. it's not a
hotel on the beach.
but still...
I just got scared that
I was gonna mess it up.
like I did my first opportunity.
and I couldn't do that to Ben.
Hannah. sweetheart.
you have to give yourself
a second chance
'cause we're always gonna
experience missteps.
That's life.
But you can't let them prevent
you from taking a risk
or following your dreams
'cause. if you do.
you may never feel the joys
life has in store for you.
♪
Ben. what do you think?
I thought I'd do a special
arrangement at the alter
for the wedding next week.
Yeah. it looks good.
Thank you.
Um. Brigitte. there's something
I wanted to talk to you about.
Um...
You mentioned a while back
that you were interested
in the position in Finland.
and I just wanted
to let you know.
if it's still something
you want. it's yours.
Of course. I'd be interested.
Ben. because I meant it
when I said I'd be happy to
follow you anywhere.
Well. thank you. Brigitte.
But. Ben.
do you really want me there?
Of course I do. You know how
qualified I think you are.
Of course.
Well. thank you.
Thank you. Um...
Good night. Brigitte.
I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
♪
Louis (reading:)
"Do not let anyone tell you
"that a world of ice and snow
will be cold and frigid
"because everything about my
stay at the famed Ice Hotel
"was warm and magical.
"From the inviting staff
"who go above and beyond
their call of duty.
"to the array of guests
who felt like family
"by the end of my stay.
"everything about
the hotel was above bar.
"Even a simple
snowshoeing trek turned into
"a feast for the soul.
"which I thought
could never be more sated
"after the best Aebleskiver
I have ever had."
(Louis chuckling)
"So bravo to all those
"who made it happen -
"the staff and even
a very special guest
"who added a certain personal
touch to the experience.
"So. to those who have
not experienced it yet.
"I say to them.
"a trip to the Ice Hotel
is a magical must.
"Bonne vacances."
♪
Hey!
Hey! Did you get my report?
I did.
That place will sell itself.
Yeah. I think it should be the
front page of the brochure.
even on the website homepage.
Which you will officially be
overseeing because.
congratulations.
you got the management job.
Wow. Thank--
thank you so much.
That's-- that's great.
Thank you.
Bonjour tout le monde.
Just the lady I was looking for.
Mr. Green?
(chuckling)
Touché.
What are you doing here?
I came here to give you this.
Mr. Wade gave it
to me as a reminder
of my experience
at the Ice Hotel.
but I think you need to
remember it more than I do.
Safe travels. Ms. Fisher.
What was that all about?
It's the Ice Hotel.
You know. Erin. um...
I can't take this job.
But thank you so much
for the opportunity
and I wish you the best of luck.
I gotta go.
♪
So. Louis Chagnon's
review is already out.
Yes. I know.
I read it last night.
And it was very
complimentary to the hotel
and to our guest Ms. Fischer.
Yes. Yes. it was.
If you really need me to.
I'll go with you to Finland.
but I've thought about it
and I think my expertise is
best suited for this hotel.
But I do know of someone
who'd do very well in my place.
and the truth is...
she probably would
have gone with you.
had I not made her
question herself.
because you were right.
Ms. Fisher is more than capable.
So. if you don't go after her
and insist she go with you.
then I will...
right now.
Wait. What?
What do you mean?
(chuckling)
Hannah... what-- what--
what are you doing here?
Well. I went home and
I thought about everything.
and then Chagnon visited me.
and I thought about
everything even more. and um...
well. I didn't
take the promotion.
So... here I am.
Ben. I'm so sorry
I walked out on you.
I was so excited with
your offer and then I got--
I got so nervous. I just...
It's okay. Hannah. I understand.
I'm so happy you're back.
Yeah. me too. And I hope your
offer still stands.
but I understand if
you hired someone else
because you're leaving so soon.
I should have gone after you and
convinced you to go with me
because. truth is.
the only one
I want with me is you.
♪
Thanks for coming back.
Thanks for taking
a chance on me.
Oh.
I'm pretty sure you got this.
(chuckling) Do I?
Yes. definitely.
You know. I think there is some
truth behind those myths.
I mean. look at me; there was
good news on the horizon.
(both chuckling)
One journey's ending and
another is about to begin.
Hey. speaking of which.
I was actually thinking
about the theme in Finland.
I was thinking like seashells
and. like. waves
and palm trees.
You know. tropical theme.
I love that.
(fireworks bursting)
♪
(fireworks popping)